
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73319539/116722931-ef6e2280-a9d6-11eb-91e5-48ab05907ed3.mov

# week-2

Week 2 Exercise - Your first OF project
GitHub：https://github.com/ShuangSong466/week-2
Select a JavaScript project you completed last term and port it to C++ using openFrameworks

 
Do a hash include and within a string, O FX GUI dot h.

Next I am going to do an O F parameter and within arrow brackets I am using it, and I am going to name this eye width. 
Next I am  going to do an O F parameter and within the arrow brackets we are using eight, and this is going to be called eye height. 
And then below,  I am  going to do an O F parameter, And within the outer brackets  I am  using floats and this is going to be named UI x power, and then  I am  going to do an F parameter and within the outer brackets, we'll be using floats and we're going to name this UI y power, so the UI width and the UI height is just as what it says it's going to have a width and height for our rectangles on screen, but the UI width and the UI height are going to be in separate objects I'm not going to be on this same object, 
the UI x power, 
lastly what I am going to do below is a bool name it's B hide and this is set to false. So I have used the be hide before, and this is for hiding or showing our GUI. On screen. This just means that if I have a really nice visual or a nice looping visual, I can show or hide the GUI, as we please and then get a nice little snapshots of something. This is especially nice if we want to record it as well, because I don't always want to see our GUI on screen when have visuals.  
So now I can head right into the O F app dot cpp and within the setup, I am going to set up our GUI,  I am going to add in UI width to our GUI,  I am going to name its width, the starting value is zero, the minimum value is zero, and the maximum value is 64. And next  I am  going to add in the UI height to our GUI,  I am going to name its height, the starting value is zero, the minimum value is zero, and the maximum value is 64, and then we're going to add in our UI x power to our GUI,  I am going to name it x power, the starting value is zero, the minimum value is zero, and the maximum value is 32. And then lastly,  I am going to add in our UI wide power to GUI,  I am going to name its wide power, the starting value is zero, the minimum value is zero and the maximum value is 32. 

So I have a good width and the height control. It's enough for me to see things on screen as well, and especially when have the two different rectangles,  I am going to draw also out of UI x power, and the UI y power is not too much, whilst the sign could just kind of drive itself, if I have something that could tell it to be on or off or just kind of less than is really good. And that's what the UI x power and UI y power is for. It's not to boost it too much, it's just for it to stay on and really to die down the signal if I need it to die down.
  
Before I head into the drawer I am going to head right into the key pressed and within the key breath I am going to put be height is set to not be hide the note is a exclamation mark. When I use any key on the keyboard, that's not the Escape key. But then when I want it to pop up I can press the key, it will then pop up and if I wanted to hide, then I can press a key, it just makes it really nice to have that control to have it either on or off.
 
now I can head right into the journal. And to start off I am going to put in an O F set redirect mode, and within the brackets and in capitals, I am going to put o f underscore right mode underscore center. So I have worked with this before, and this makes sure that the pivot point from our rectangles is not in the top left hand corner, but instead now in the center. This is especially good for rotating objects, but it's also really good if I wanted our rectangles to have more of a cross if they're stacked on top of each other which I've looked at before. 

So next what we're going to do is an o f no fill, because I don't want any fill or any of the objects to be filled in. It's nice to see the lines of them and just really see the bones of our objects, but with these bones I think they're a bit too thin, so below we are going to do an O F set line width, and within the brackets, I am going to set it at two. So one is the defaults for our line width for our objects, and once this is all well and good, it just doesn't pop out enough, so set it to, I can really see the lines just nice and just a little bit thicker. 
So next, below I am going to do a for loop. So for ns, x is set to zero, and x is less than 32 and x plus plus. And within this for loop I am going to do another for loop. So for int y is set to zero and y is less than 32 and y plus plus. So within these four loops I am going to do an O F draw rectangle for the first argument, which is our x we are going to put x times 64 for the second which is our y will be y times 64 For the third argument which is our width we are going to do a sign, and within the brackets of the sign we are going to put x plus O F gets elapsed time, F and outside of the signs brackets, I am going to do times u i x power, and the fourth argument, which is our height, I am going to put you, I height. So the x and y are going to be spaced at 64 pixels apart because I have got the controls of the width and the height, which is 264, it should just have these shapes just about touching each other, so I should have a nice kind of grid to it, but the width which is controlled by a side, and that also has the x plus oh f gets elapsed time f, which means that things will be treated in a different manner so everything's not going to be exactly the same as each other. It kind of has this more study as usual, and earn money while doing so, It can be done as a course X.


I 've motion to it, that I've seen throughout these little bits of visual looping, and this has been boosted by our UI x power, which is going up to 32. All in all, I should be able to see the top, bottom, left and right hand sides of the shapes just be able to touch each other, and the UI hides just controls the height of our rectangle. So now below I am going to do another Oh, f draw rectangle for the first argument which is our x will be x times 64 for the second which is our way I will put y times 64 For the third which is our width we are going to put your eye width, and for the fourth which is our height I am going to put inside, and within the brackets of the sign y plus O F gets elapsed time f and outside of the side I am going to put at times u i, y power. So this is just like the old F draw rectangles that I've just done except now I have the different controls to control different portions of the rectangle.
 It just means that I have all of these nice little controls and very simple controls that, that are really going to change the power of our rectangles. And since these are stacked on top of each other, I. will kind of have this criss cross motion, as well as just things kind of eking in and outs of each other, but now lastly and outside of these four loops I am going to do an if statement. So, if i hide within the if statement I am going to put Gooi dot draw. 
So now when the B hide is set to true, we will see our GUI dot draw.now we can head right into the journal. And to start off we are going to put in an O F set redirect mode, and within the brackets and in capitals, I. am going to put o f underscore right mode underscore center. So I have worked with this before, and this makes sure that the pivot point from our rectangles is not in the top left hand corner, but instead now in the center. This is especially good for rotating objects, but it's also really good if I wanted our rectangles to have more of a cross if they're stacked on top of each other which we've looked at before. 
So next what I am going to do is an o f no fill, because I don't want any fill or any of the objects to be filled in. It's nice to see the lines of them and just really see the bones of our objects, but with these bones I think they're a bit too thin, so below we are going to do an O F set line width, and within the brackets, we're going to set it at two.

